README.md, before:

# chext -- Change file extension(s)

`chext` is a simple shell utility to change the extension of a file or list
of files.

## Installation

Clone the repository (`git clone
https://github.com/joe-antognini/chext.git`).  Then run `install.sh`.  

Depending on if you want to install to `/usr/local` (the default) on Linux
you may need to run `sudo install.sh`.  You can alternatively follow the
instructions to install locally to `~/bin`.

Or if you want to do it all yourself, copy `chext` to somewhere in your PATH
and `chext.1` to somewhere in your MANPATH.

## Options

`-i` -- Interactive mode.  Prompts for confirmation before moving a file
that would overwrite an existing file.

`-v` -- Verbose mode.  Show the original and final filename.

## Examples

```
$ # Change the extension of a single file
$ touch foo.bar
$ chext foo.bar baz
$ ls
foo.baz

$ # Change the extension of multiple files
$ touch qux.baz
$ chext *.baz bar
$ ls
foo.bar qux.bar

$ # Verbose mode
$ chext -v *.bar baz
foo.bar -> foo.baz
qux.bar -> qux.baz

$ # Prompt before overwriting a file
$ touch qux.bit
$ chext -i qux.* bar
overwrite qux.bar? (y/n [n])
not overwritten
$ ls
foo.baz qux.bar qux.bit

$ # chext handles multiple extensions
$ rm *
$ touch foo.bar.baz
$ chext foo.bar.baz qux
$ ls
foo.bar.qux

$ # chext doesn't get confused by hidden files
$ touch .foo
$ chext .foo bar
chext: change extension of .foo to bar: File has no extension
```

## Uninstalling

Run `uninstall.sh`.  This may fail to remove the man page if you put it
somewhere unusual.

Commit message:

Remove broken install and uninstall scripts

README.md, after:

# chext -- Change file extension(s)

`chext` is a simple shell utility to change the extension of a file or list
of files.

## Options

`-i` -- interactive. Prompt for confirmation before renaming a file over an existing file.

`-v` -- verbose. Show the source and destination filenames as files are renamed.

## Examples

```
$ # Change the extension of a single file
$ touch foo.bar
$ chext foo.bar baz
$ ls
foo.baz

$ # Change the extension of multiple files
$ touch qux.baz
$ chext *.baz bar
$ ls
foo.bar qux.bar

$ # Verbose mode
$ chext -v *.bar baz
foo.bar -> foo.baz
qux.bar -> qux.baz

$ # Prompt before overwriting a file
$ touch qux.bit
$ chext -i qux.* bar
overwrite qux.bar? (y/n [n])
not overwritten
$ ls
foo.baz qux.bar qux.bit

$ # chext handles multiple extensions
$ rm *
$ touch foo.bar.baz
$ chext foo.bar.baz qux
$ ls
foo.bar.qux

$ # chext doesn't get confused by hidden files
$ touch .foo
$ chext .foo bar
chext: change extension of .foo to bar: File has no extension
```

## Installation

For the exectuable, copy `chext` to `$PATH`.

For the manpage, copy `chext.1` to `man1/` in `$MANPATH` then index its directory.
